You can apply this manifesting process to any area of your life.  More money is no different than better health, a great relationship, a more successful business, or living your purpose.

First let's understand and become aware of the principles that drive this process.  Awareness of these principles will be a huge step towards using it effectively.

NOTE: watch for my call to actions in each chapter to go online and get the OE content

Principle #1:

It's All In The Energy

Manifesting is ALL energetic work.  Since everything is made up of energy, our goal is to learn to 'match' our energy to the energy of the desire we have. We are learning to 'allow' our desires to be our experience by first learning how to be more connected to those desires.

When it comes to energy there are four ways we flow energy, four areas we attract from.  They are our...

1)	Thoughts
2)	Words
3)	Feelings
4)	Actions

Our job in manifesting is to be 'conscious' in the 'vibration' of energy that flows from these four points and to be 'aware' of whether they are aligning with our desires or pushing them away.

Consider these four energy points your workout for building your 'money attracting' muscles.  The more you are aware of them, the more they'll align with each other and your desire and ultimately call forth more money.

When these four energy points align with each other (meaning your thoughts don't conflict with your words, or your feelings are not a different energy than the actions you take) then the only thing left is to make sure the combined energy is of 'like vibration' to that of your desire.

I have a great video that explains the concept of how energy works in this process.  Go online to the OE and let's explore this principle more.

Principle #2:

Keep it Simple, Be Consistent!

This next principle is SUPER critical because one of the challenges a lot of us face is how complicated we make things and how that impacts the flow of consistent energy that is needed to raise our vibration up and match our desires vibration.

In order to be consistent, we need to keep things simple, which is good news for most people in today's fast paced world.

If we don't keep things simple, they get complicated.  When they get complicated, energy stops flowing and we lose our connection to the desire.

This process is truly simple.  The tools you'll use take less than 10 to 15 minutes to use, some only a few minutes. We use a consistent energy flow approach, not the big burst approach.

Plus, when you do something simple and it happens consistently, that is when habits form and that is the goal of this process... to be in the habit of attracting our desires.

Principle #3:

You Must Know Your
Specific Destination

In the years I have been teaching this process there are very few people who rarely identify the specific desire they have right from the beginning.  Everyone knows a general desire, but few start out with a description of their desire that is targeted on the energy vibration of that experience they want.

For example, with money, the most common description of what a person wants is... "more money."  Or it's "I want an increase in my monthly income."

Here's an analogy of the importance of being very clear and specific... Let's say you're about to go on a road trip.  Your starting point is New York, NY and your  destination is San Francisco, California.

When we go on a real road trip, we are clear on where we will end up.  We state a clear destination - 1234 Market St. in San Francisco, for example.  We can even state, in most cases, a date in which we'll arrive.

In manifesting we lack that level of specificness.  So our journey ends up looking like a drive to California but without the clarity of where in California.  If that was true on a real road trip, you would actually reach your destination the moment you cross the state border into California.  But that's not your destination, is it? But since we had that 'general' focus, that is what we manifested.

Back to money - our money desires are often stated in those general terms.  "I want more money."  "I want my monthly income to increase."  "I'd like to have passive income in my life."  "I'd like my business to double or triple in sales."

That's not good enough in the energetic world.  The universe wants the address, which is the vibration of the desire you are really wanting.

Now we bring in statements that are more pinpointed to our real desire... "I desire $10,000 by October 1st."  Or even better... "I desire $10,000 to come in through my xyz program / business by October 1st."  Or... "I'm grateful that my business is going from $5000 a month to $15,000 a month in the next 12 months."

So step one in the Habit of Attraction process is to get very clear on your desired destination.  Then through our thoughts, words, feelings and actions we will simply and consistently flow energy until our desire becomes our experience.

What's the specific desire you want?  What's the specific energy of that desire?

Go online to the OE and I'll help you figure this out.  Then we take step two....

We write a Desire Statement!
