This part of the manifesting process is really important, for the following reasons:

1) It will confirm that your desire is truly what you want to focus on and attract.
2) It will activate the energy flow to your desire.
3) It becomes your most important and powerful 'energy flowing' tool, keeping you on track and allowing that desire to come forth into your life.

A Desire Statement (DS) is like a super charged affirmation.  Each time it is read it activates multiple streams of energy. It triggers thoughts, words, feelings and it inspires action.

To save space in this book and to teach you in the most effective way to write a DS, I will briefly go over the three sections of a DS and then strongly suggest you go online to get the additional resources that will aid you in writing your DS.

There are two resources online that will give you all the support you need to write a very powerful statement....

1) A video that explains how to write a Desire Statement
2) A website called the Desire Statement Generator.

The video goes over how to write the DS and the website will take you through 12 steps to writing a perfect statement for your desire.  Make sure you use these resources!

The first part of a DS is...

The specific description of your desire; described as if it is already so and using words of appreciation.

What does "described as if already so, using words of appreciation" mean?

This manifesting process does not endorse the idea of 'faking it until you make it.'  The reason why that does not work is because there will always be a part of us, an energetic part, that will know it is not true.

BUT... we do believe that EVERY desire already exists in the energetic world; meaning that no desire needs to be 'created' by you.  You're not creating your desire, you attracting what already exists in the energetic field.

So we acknowledge that the desire is already there waiting for us to align with it and allow it in our life.

That subtle shift, from creating to attracting, is a huge pressure release for a most people.

So to acknowledge this we make statements of appreciation:

I Am grateful... I Am excited…
I Am ready to receive... and other
'I Am' statements

I'm grateful that I'm attracting an additional $7000 or more each month into my life from selling my HOA Book and online or DVD 12-week course.

The second part of a DS is...

The feelings you have when you imagine, visualize, or believe your desire is already so in your life.

What I'm are looking for here are words that describe the feelings you have when you think of your desire.

This is very easy to figure out.   Do this...

Close your eyes and imagine or see this desire as being your experience.  Use your mind's eye to feel what it is like to have this desire in your life.  What does it look like, who's in it, what is it doing for you and the people around you.

Now describe the feelings you are having when you see this desire as so in your life.  Does it make you happy, grateful, confident, joyful, abundant, free, sexy, calm, motivated?  What are the words that describe those feelings?

Now put those words into a sentence and make that the second part of your DS...

I feel focused, confident and have a huge sense of freedom knowing that this extra money is changing my life and helping me serve more people.

I want you aware of ANY feelings that are connected to your desire.  Why?  Because I want you to activate those feelings often.  That makes the connection more strong.

The last part of a DS confirms that this desire is what you truly want in your life...

What's the purpose of this desire for you, those around you, and any connected to it.

First, describe why you want this desire.

Second, how will it impact those around you (family, friends, employees, etc.)

And then whether this desire will impact anyone who connects with it.  For example… I desired writing this book, therefore anyone who reads this book will be impacted by it.

This extra monthly income will let me focus on my messenger work full-time, it will inspire my family and my friends, and because of the income I'm NOW able to reach a million or more people with my HOA message.

Now it's your turn... go online and watch the video and register for the free Desire Statement Generator website account.  Then write your DS and use it EVERY day.

My Complete Money Desire Statement...

I'm grateful that I'm attracting an additional $7000 or more each month into my life from selling my HOA Book and online or DVD 12-week course.

I feel focused, confident and have a huge sense of freedom knowing that this extra money is changing my life and helping me serve more people.

This extra monthly income will let me focus on my messenger work full-time, it will inspire my family and my friends, and because of the income I'm NOW able to reach a million or more people with my HOA message.
