The Habit of Attraction process has 25 different 'energy tools' used to connect with your desire.

Of these 25 tools I want to share with you 5 tools that I believe are the best at attracting money.  There are two ways I will teach you these tools.  First is the introduction to them in this mini-book and then I'll go into detail on how to use them via audio, video, journal questions, in the online environment.

Here is how the tools are designed to be used.  In the first chapter we looked at the basics of manifesting through this process with the three principles.  The third principle suggests the need to get clear and specific on the desire you want to manifest, which you'll do when you write a desire statement.

Now that you have a Desire Statement written your job is simple... You need to flow energy to your desire, to raise up your vibration and match your desire's vibration.

In comes the tools.  Each tool is designed to be 1) simple and 2) to be used consistently so you have a constant stream of energy flowing and raising your vibration up.

So, the important thing here with these tools is to use them as often as possible and make them a habit in your life.

Here are the tools we'll be exploring...

1) Your Money Desire Statement
2) Morning Desire Meditation
3) The Habit Board
4) Being The Source
5) Four energy point reminders

(If you want to learn all 25 tools,
go to the last page of book.)

#1: Your Money Desire Statement

The Desire Statement you wrote, or will be writing :), will be your number one tool for activating and flowing energy.

Once you have written that DS, here's what you'll need to do...

* Post it in places that you'll see and will remind you to connect with it daily.
* Read it several times a day
* Check in with how it makes you feel, so you stay aligned with it's intention, and to see if you if you need to adjust it any.

Everytime you read your DS, you'll flow multiple streams of energy to your desire.

The DS is the heart of this process so you MUST write one to really benefit from this process.  Use the resources online to help you do this.

OE Tools: Video and DS Website

#2: Morning Desire Meditation

The Morning Desire Meditation is simple and a really powerful way to start your day in abundance.  Here's how it works...

Close your eyes and visualize your desire being your experience.  See it.  Feel it.  Hear it.  Notice who's with you.  Notice what the experience feels like.

Do this for only a few minutes, 5 minutes maximum.  Why so short?  So you do not have excuse to not do it each and every day; because keeping it simple will allow it to be a consistent energy source for you.

After each meditation, grab your journal or a piece of paper and write down the feelings you had when you experienced your desire in your 'minds eye.'

Those are the feelings I want you to remember and activate throughout the day.

OE Tools: Video and Audio

#3: The Habit Board

The Habit Board is super cool and super powerful.  It's similar to a vision board concept BUT with the major difference that it's focused on one desire, not many.

A Habit Board is something you hang on the wall and connect with each day.  It is one of those tools that activates multiple streams of energy and is really fun to do.

Simply get a small dry erase board, a mat board, or get creative with a section of your wall.  Put in the middle your DS.  Then around that statement I want you to put pictures that relate to that desire, your feelings words, the action you'll take that day towards that desire (dry erase board is good for this), what questions you can ask yourself to keep you focused on that desire, and any other things that inspire or connect you to the thoughts, words, feelings or actions needed to align you with the desire.

OE Tools: Video and Examples

#4: Being The Source

This tool will not only help you manifest more money but it will change your life!  It's by far the most powerful spiritual principle I know and use in every area of my life.

I got this from the book - Conversations with God.  The simple version says...

Be The Source to others that which you wish to experience in your own life.

In regards to money... being the source is consciously helping other people experience more abundance and money in their life.  The energetic statement this makes is HUGE.  It says to the Universe, "since I'm being the source of abundance, it must mean that I have it to give away," and in return that is what the Universe will bring to you.  But remember, you must do this with pure intention.  The desire to serve others has to be the priority.

OE Tools: Video and the BTS Challenge

#5: Four Energy Point Reminders

This last tool is really good at keeping you connected to the four energy points - thoughts, words, feelings and actions.

Here's how it works...
Find a way to set four alarms that will go off throughout the day.  Cell phones are a perfect tool to use because we usually have them with us all day and they can usually set multiple alarms.

Have each alarm represent one of the energy points (some alarms you can put text to them.)  The first goes off and it reminds you of thoughts - take 30 seconds and think about your desire.  Second is for words - take 30 seconds and say words (read your DS).  Third is for feelings - take 30 seconds and feel your desire.  Fourth is action - take 30 seconds to take some kind of action.   That's it!  Multiple streams of energy and VERY simple and effective.

OE Tools: Video
